Summary of Program: This program passes array of 4 student test score values and displays there letter grade and the average. It utilizes a switch statement that allows the user to send to the screen, send to a file and quit the program.
Main Method Algorithm

Summary: In this method, the user has the choice of sending output to screen, file and quitting . This is done by switch statement and do-while loop and the methods are called inside the main method to produce grade report. 
1. Declare variables and imports needed for program.
2. Asks user what choice they want the program to do and if they want to send it to a screen, file or quit
3. Choice 1 sends the program to a screen.
4. Reads the user test score input and creates an array by using a for loop to store user values in 4 index places for test 1.
5. Reads the user test score input and creates an array by using a for loop to store user values in 4 index places for test 2.
6. Calls the methods of average and lettergrade
7. Displays the test 1 scores, test 2 scores, average score and the letter grade with proper decimal formatting
8. Choice 2 displays the output to the screen and sends information to a file
9. Utilizes same repeated steps of reading the user test score input and creates an array by using a for loop to store user values in 4 index places for test 1.
10. Utilizes same repeated steps of reading the user test score input and creates an array by using a for loop to store user values in 4 index places for test 2.
11. Calls the average and lettergrade method.
12. Displays the test 1 scores, test 2 scores, average score and the letter grade with proper decimal formatting.
13. Reads the file name the user wants to send the information to.
14. See if file exists or not.
15. Open the file the user wants to write to
16. Get data and write it to the file.
17. Close the file
18. Choice 3 is exit the program. 
19. Uses a do-while loop to execute the program as long as the user doesn't enter the choice 3 which exits the program.

Average Method Algorithm
Summary: This method uses the two test 1 and test 2 arrays and calculates the average and returns the average value. 
1. Create method that has test 1 and test 2 array in parameter of method header. 
2. Creates a double average array that is the length of test 1 array of 4 index places
3. Creates a for loop to execute the average value for each value in array
4. Returns the average value

Lettergrade Method Algorithm 
Summary: This method uses the average value from another method as a parameter and assigns a letter grade to the value and return a grade value. 
1. Uses the average array as a parameter to assign letter grade.
2. Creates a grade array that is the length of average array.
3. Creates a for loop the size of average array length to assign a letter grade based on average. 
4. Returns the grade value.

							     
				